Customer journey verified on DEPLOYED staging, end to end
Commit 0d2f06c17fdb, 21 September 2026.

Two seeded synthetic identities on ws_automation_test, one workspace_viewer and one
workspace_admin. Seeded by scripts/seed-automation-identity.mjs, which refuses
--env production by design; that guard was not weakened and production was not seeded.

Three things in here are worth reading rather than counting:

  - the guided test verification was followed to a SETTLED result. It came back
    UNVERIFIED, which is the honest answer for a synthetic record the connectors
    cannot read back, and it is the check working rather than the check breaking.
  - the allowance moved 15 to 16: exactly one run, the same admission path a real
    enquiry takes.
  - two billing-portal openings produced two DIFFERENT Stripe sessions. Before the
    idempotency fix they were byte-identical, which is the expired-session defect.

An earlier run of this script recorded two failures where the poll gave up while the
run was still PENDING inside its own 30-minute completion window. That is the product
behaving correctly and the CHECK was wrong, so the check was corrected to assert the
honest property: settled, or PENDING with its deadline not yet passed.


=== staging https://verify-itisyou-staging.kpleelaaravind.workers.dev ===
commit 0d2f06c17fdbc7962ee9f6a7c0936f7d5009e53a

--- 1. connection testing ---
PASS  GET /app/connections as admin
PASS    offers a Test connection form
INFO  pressing Test connection answered 200
PASS    names all three findings separately
PASS    refuses the workflow inference
PASS    says the stored credential was untouched
PASS    the corrected notice is the one served

--- 2. allowance before the test ---
PASS  GET /app/usage
INFO  usage page reads 15 of 500

--- 3. guided test verification, followed to a settled result ---
PASS  GET /app as admin
PASS    the workspace offers the form
PASS    states the allowance cost before the fields
INFO  starting one answered 303 -> /app/runs/run_01M32948EP8CC52DCE605F4B2E?started=test
PASS    it redirects to the run rather than inventing a verdict
INFO  the run settled as UNVERIFIED
PASS    it either settled, or is PENDING inside its own completion window
PASS    and the result is one the evaluator can actually reach
PASS    the run is labelled as a test

--- 4. allowance accounting after the test ---
INFO  usage page reads 16 of 500
PASS    the test consumed exactly one run of the allowance

--- 5. billing portal: a fresh session per opening ---
PASS  GET /app/billing as admin
PASS    no Stripe URL is baked into the page
INFO  two openings answered 303 and 303
PASS    both open a Stripe portal
PASS    and the second is a different session, not the first reused

--- 6. viewer restrictions, at the route ---
PASS  viewer is offered no Test connection form
PASS    and the route refuses them
PASS    naming the role
PASS  viewer is offered no test-verification form
PASS    and the route refuses them
PASS  viewer is refused the billing portal

ALL CHECKS PASSED

